
# Code of conduct for Elm's pyStudio project collaborators


## Our commitment

As leaders of the project, we are committed to ensuring that participation in our community is free from any form of harassment or discrimination, regardless of age, stature, visible or invisible disability, ethnicity, sex, gender identity, experience, education, socioeconomic status, nationality, appearance, race, caste, skin color, religion or sexual identity and orientation. Our community is for everyone equally.
We are committed to act and interact in a way that contributes to a free, open, welcoming, and inclusive community, regardless of the diversity of its members, in a healthy environment where everyone can feel comfortable and supported in the face of any problem.

## Rules to feel fully included in our community

-    Demonstrate respect, kindness and empathy for all people who are part of our community.
-    Respect the opinions of all members, their experience, and their comments, so that they contribute to making our community better.
-    Accept all constructive comments that help to improve any aspect of the project or our community.
-    Accepting one's own mistakes, apologizing, and learning from them, as well as supporting all members who may make a mistake by helping them in the process.
-    Always think in community, always acting for the common good, accepting as one's owned the needs of the members of the community. Some examples of unacceptable behavior are

## Examples of unacceptable behaviors

-    Comments that are disrespectful, derogatory or troll any member, whether personal, political, or ideological.
-    Harassment in any of its types
-    Use of sexualized language or any type of sexual innuendo
-    Publication of private content of any member, as well as personal data without explicit permission from the user.
-    Any type of behavior or conduct that may be inappropriate for any member of the community in this environment.

## Application responsibilities

As leaders of this community, we are committed to enforce the rules of the same, ruling those unacceptable behaviors, and performing those actions that we deem appropriate, as a solution 
to conflicts generated by inappropriate and unfair behavior, threatening, offensive or harmful to the interests of any member.
As leaders, we are responsible for clarifying any doubts regarding these rules.
As leaders we reserve the right to remove or edit any contribution, comment, code, etc. that violates the code of conduct, committing ourselves to communicate the actions taken and the reasons, moderating or mediating when necessary.


## Scope of application

This code of conduct shall apply in any area of the Elm's pyStudio community, whether on the network, in the use of emails, social networks or in any event or presentation in which any member of the community is representing the same or any area of the project if it has been designated to perform such representation.


## Law enforcement

Cases of behavior that may be likely to violate the law by harassment, abuse or unacceptable conduct may be reported to the law.
For this purpose, the e-mail address is made available to receive these complaints so that they can be investigated as soon as possible, and a reply given on the corrective actions carried out.
Those responsible for handling these complaints will respect the privacy and security of all complainants.


## Application guidelines

Community leaders will abide by the following guidelines to discern the consequences of any behavior that violates this code of conduct:

### Correction

That the community is affected using inappropriate language or any other behavior that causes discomfort in the community.
Reaction: Contact will be made privately and in writing warning of the infraction, explaining in detail the considerations and demanding if necessary, an apology to the community or any other public action deemed necessary.

###  Warning

Causing unrest in the community by a single action or several inappropriate actions. 
Consequence: Warning of the possibility of exclusion for a determined period, prohibiting participation in any area of the community either directly or through external channels, and even permanent exclusion if the behavior continues.

### Temporary prohibition

Serious non-compliance with the rules or continued non-compliance with the rules.
Consequence: Exclusion for a determined period, prohibiting participation in any area of the community either directly or through external channels, and even permanent exclusion if the behavior continues.

### Permanent prohibition

Consistent and serious non-compliance with rules, sustained behavior, harassment, aggression, disclosure of private matters and other similar behavior.
Consequence: Permanent exclusion, prohibiting participation in any area of the community either directly or through external channels.


## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is an adaptation of the Employee Pact, version 2.1, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html.

